{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green12\blue12;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;\csgray\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16380\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Policy for Touring Bot 3.0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Touring Bot 3.0 is a specialized data entry tool designed for the music industry, aimed at compiling information about specific artists or festivals into a structured table format for academic and research purposes. This privacy policy outlines our practices regarding the collection, use, and protection of personal information through our GPT and the associated API (trafilatura.p.rapidapi.com) used for content extraction.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Data Collection and Usage\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 What We Collect:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Information extracted from publicly accessible websites about music events, performances, and festivals, which may include names of artists, performers, venue details, event dates, and funding information.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Data is collected solely for the purpose of organizing and analyzing information related to music events for academic research and analysis.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 How We Use Your Data:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To compile detailed records of music events for social network analysis within the music industry.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To improve our services and develop new features relevant to researchers and industry professionals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Data Sharing and Disclosure\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We do not share personal information extracted through our GPT or the API with third parties, except as required by law. Any sharing of aggregated or anonymized data for research purposes will be conducted in a manner that does not identify individuals.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Data Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We implement robust security measures to protect the data collected from unauthorized access, alteration, and destruction. However, no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 API-Specific Provisions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The API we use is capped at 100 calls per day to ensure responsible usage and protection of data. It is compliant with its own set of privacy regulations, which aligns with our commitment to data protection. Data extracted via the API is processed in accordance with this privacy policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 GPT Processing Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The GPT processes extracted data for the purpose of organizing information about music events. Automated decisions made by the GPT are based on the structured analysis of data, with an aim to categorize and understand music event dynamics.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Updates to the Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on our main page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are protecting the personal information we collect.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa160\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf2 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this GPT, please contact us via github.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 This document was last updated on 18.02.2024.}